next time
here it is get out here huh this way
down there okay it's that direction okay
okay just on this way okay that's it
okay we're here yeah but what does it
have to do with the electric bull riding
contest um ok Heinz I'm gonna be level
with you we're not going to the electric
bull riding contest what what do you
mean but what about mother dr. Kidd
humanness this is more important than
the electric bull riding contest ok
really this is real oh I've got
something very important I want to show
I hope for you it is important another
guy at sure made me believe me this this
is worth it ok check it out my great
uncle was a scientist and he died and I
was going your uncle a crazy scientist
he was a great scientist he built this
and I was going through his stuff and I
found it what is it it is a time machine
bah is a time machine shitting me I
swear to god this thing will send us
into the far future no don't you juggle
of bullshit yours I've already tried it
and it fucking works alright but we have
to do it here we can't do it anywhere
else because it has to be on an area
where they haven't built on in the
future others will just appear inside a
building ok ok i see i had its fair
enough yeah fan ok one more thing
what are you doing what a minute just
sit what's this anytime huh okay right
that's it stand in the middle with me
okay ready yeah I'm ready okay now we
can do ready for the future Wow oh yes
it's just if you try see you that shit
no I'm going and buy me a new mobile
phone yeah what but don't move way I'm
not moving y mu give me your wallet oh
yeah okay give me your wallet yeah but
just gets me okay Chuck okay okay okay
yeah stand back right watch this okay
you cannot walk outside the circle you
will be immediately destroyed you can
look at a you this is really important
don't try and walk out there okay but by
something to do at the time travel I
don't know what it is but that we can't
leave the circle i see i see but but
what's the fucking point what for
whatever what are we going to do just
just look no other people from the
future they can come into the circle so
we could we could talk to them okay yeah
that would be an interesting look for
someone mr.
over there over there hello hello
children we're from the past yeah we
can't go out the Sun just come out come
here what the fuck is that Oh what the
fuck is that fine in mind but the fuck
it's walking away doesn't hello whatever
it is it isn't even bothering to talk to
us I will wait for someone else no take
me back to our time right now all right
here we go ok Jim now write this in two
yards don't ever bother me with shit
like this again this is a fucking waste
of time we didn't go to the bull riding
contest I lost my fucking wallet fuck
the future and fuck you my legs fuck you
cool
you